README.md, before:

# cross-seed: Fully-automatic, no false positives

`cross-seed` is an app designed to help you download torrents that you can cross
seed based on your existing torrents. It is designed to match conservatively to
minimize manual intervention.

`cross-seed` can inject the torrents it finds directly into your torrent client.
Currently, the supported clients are

-   rTorrent
-   qBittorrent
-   Transmission
-   Deluge

If your client isn't supported, `cross-seed` will download a bunch of torrent
files to a folder you specify. After that, I recommend using
[AutoTorrent2](https://github.com/JohnDoee/autotorrent2) to do the last-mile
delivery into your client.

## 🚨🚨🚨 Breaking changes in cross-seed v6 🚨🚨🚨

Head on over to the
[v6 migration guide](https://www.cross-seed.org/docs/v6-migration)
to see the steps required for migration.
 
## Requirements

-   [Node >= 20](https://nodejs.org/en/download)
-   Any number of indexers that support Torznab (use Jackett or Prowlarr to
    help)

## Tutorial

Head on over to
[cross-seed.org](https://www.cross-seed.org/docs/basics/getting-started) to get
started.

## Troubleshooting

Feel free to
[start a discussion](https://github.com/cross-seed/cross-seed/discussions/new),
or reach out on [Discord](https://discord.gg/jpbUFzS5Wb).

Commit message:

update(gh/README) update and simplify README.md file on github (#1033)
This PR updates the README to have more flowing language, removes the
reference to the "New breaking changes in v6" for a gentle mention of
"if you're migrating", and removes autotorrent entirely - as we now
support all of the clients AT2 supported, and it's of no benefit.

I also added a Repobeats graph at the bottom to gauge everyone's
thoughts on the new look. You can see it at the link below.


https://github.com/cross-seed/cross-seed/tree/update-gh-readme

<hr>
Update our "description" to "Fully-automatic cross-seeding"

- [x] documentation
- [x] unraid template
- [ ] README.md (this)

README.md, after:

# cross-seed: Fully-automatic cross-seeding

`cross-seed` automatically finds and downloads torrents that
are "cross seeds" existing across your other trackers, all based on your
existing torrents and/or data. It is designed to match conservatively to
minimize manual intervention, but is also highly configurable to match your
preferences.

## Torrent Client Integration

`cross-seed` can inject new torrents it finds directly into your torrent client. 

If you use another client we do not currently support, and would like to help integrate it into
`cross-seed`, [please open an issue here on GitHub to discuss it with us](https://github.com/cross-seed/cross-seed/issues).

## Requirements

-   [Node >= 20](https://nodejs.org/en/download)
-   Indexers that support Torznab or an tracker/indexer manager such as Prowlarr/Jackett (Prowlarr is preferred)

## Tutorial

Head on over to
[cross-seed.org](https://www.cross-seed.org/docs/basics/getting-started) to get
started.

If you are migrating version to the latest available, please read
[the v6 migration guide](https://www.cross-seed.org/docs/v6-migration).

## Troubleshooting

Feel free to
[start a discussion](https://github.com/cross-seed/cross-seed/discussions/new),
or reach out on [Discord](https://discord.gg/jpbUFzS5Wb).
