---
id: getting-started
title: Getting Started
sidebar_position: 0
---

Here we will install `cross-seed` and run our first search.

## Installation

### with Docker (recommended)

```
docker run mmgoodnow/cross-seed --version
```

### with `npm`

Requires [node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) 14 or greater.

```shell
npm install -g cross-seed
cross-seed --version
```

### with `yarn`

Requires [node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) 14 or greater.

```shell
yarn global add cross-seed
cross-seed --version
```

### with Unraid

In Unraid, you can install `cross-seed` from Docker Hub with the Community
Applications app. Check out the [Unraid guide](../recipes/Unraid) for details.

## Running your first search

:::tip

Docker users can skip ahead to [Scaling Up](#scaling-up).

:::

To get started, we'll use the following command:

```shell
# one liner
cross-seed search --torrent-dir /path/to/dir/with/torrent/files --output-dir . --torznab https://localhost/prowlarr/1/api?apikey=12345
# readable
cross-seed search \
  --torrent-dir /path/to/dir/with/torrent/files \
  -o . \ # any directory, cross-seed will put its output torrents here
  --torznab https://localhost/prowlarr/1/api?apikey=12345 # any valid torznab link, separated by spaces
```

If you were lucky, you've already got your first cross-seed in your current
directory!

:::caution

`cross-seed`, by default, is particular about the contents of torrents you feed
it. It will ignore torrents with non-video files in them, and it will ignore
torrents that look like single episodes.

Use these command line flags to override the default:
`--include-episodes --include-non-videos`

:::

## Scaling Up

Searching like above is nice, but it's pretty manual and not very useful in
practice. In this section we'll set up a configuration file. A configuration
file is not necessary to use cross-seed, but it makes things a lot easier.

### without Docker

#### Create and edit your config file

Start by running the following command.

```shell
cross-seed gen-config
```

After that, you will find an autogenerated config file at
`~/.cross-seed/config.js` `AppData\Local\cross-seed\config.js`. Open this file
in your editor of choice, and start editing.

:::tip

The config file uses JavaScript syntax. Each option in the config (and each
element in a list) must be separated by a comma, and make sure to wrap your
strings in "quotation marks".

:::

The only **required** options are [`torznab`](options#torznab),
[`torrentDir`](options#torrentdir), and [`outputDir`](options#outputdir) (see
links for details). Once you've configured those, you can try running the app
with

```shell
cross-seed search
```

With that command, `cross-seed` should get started running through a full scan
of your torrent directory!

### with Docker

#### Set up your container

With Docker, any paths that you would provide as command-line arguments or in
the config file should stay hardcoded, and instead you can mount volumes to the
Docker container.

-   `/config` - config dir (this follows a common Docker convention)
-   `/torrents` - your torrent input dir (usually set to your rtorrent session
    dir, or your qBittorrent BT_backup dir)
-   `/output` - people sometimes use this as a watch folder. If you use
    [autotorrent2][at2] you can set it up to read from this folder.

```yaml
version: "2.1"
services:
    cross-seed:
        image: mmgoodnow/cross-seed
        container_name: cross-seed
        user: 1000:1000 # optional but recommended
        volumes:
            - /path/to/config/folder:/config
            - /path/to/rtorrent_sess:/torrents:ro # note that this volume can and should be mounted read-only
            - /path/to/output/folder:/output
        command: search
```

#### Create a config file

When you run the container the first time, it will create a config file at
`/config/config.js`. Open this file in your favorite editor. Since you've
already configured your volume mappings, the only required config option is
[`torznab`](options#torznab). Once you've got that set up, you can run your
Docker container and it should get started running through a full scan of your
torrent directory!

## Next Steps

`cross-seed` has two subcommands: `search` and `daemon`.

-   `search` (used above) will scan each torrent you provide and look for
    cross-seeds, then exit.

-   `daemon` will run forever, and can be configured to run searches
    periodically, watch RSS, and search for newly finished downloads.

If you're satisfied by just running `cross-seed search` every once in a while,
and then using [`autotorrent2`][at2] to inject these into your client, then
you're done!

[at2]: https://github.com/JohnDoee/autotorrent2
