website/docs/basics/options.md, before:

---
id: options
title: Options
---

[pr]:
	https://github.com/mmgoodnow/cross-seed/tree/master/website/docs/basics/options.md

`cross-seed` has several program options, which can either be specified on the
command line or in a configuration file. The priority is shown below.

```
CLI > config file > defaults
```

If you specify an option both on the command line and in the config file, the
command line value will override the config file value.

## Options on the command line

All options on the command line have a long form, which looks like
`--long-form-option <value>`. Some more common options have a single-letter
short form as well, which look like `-f <value>`.

Some options take multiple arguments, which are always separated by spaces:

```
--variadic-option arg1 arg2 arg3
```

:::tip

Any references to options you see in `camelCase` have their corresponding
long-form option name as the `kebab-cased` variant. For example, the
`excludeRecentSearch` option's long-form CLI option name is
`--exclude-recent-search`.

:::

## Options in the config file

`cross-seed` will look for a configuration file at

-   **Mac**/**Linux**/**Unix**: `~/.cross-seed/config.js`
-   **Windows**: `AppData\Local\cross-seed\config.js`

:::tip

If you would like to use a custom config directory, you can set the `CONFIG_DIR`
environment variable.

:::

To create an editable config file, run the following command:

```shell script
cross-seed gen-config
```

From there, you can open the config file in your favorite editor and set up your
configuration.

:::tip

The configuration file uses JavaScript syntax, which means:

-   Array/multi options must be enclosed in \[brackets\].
-   Strings must be enclosed in "quotation" marks.
-   Array elements and options must be separated by commas.

:::

## Options used in `cross-seed search`

| Option                                              | Required     |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
| [`delay`](#delay)                                   |              |
| [`torznab`](#torznab)                               | **Required** |
| [`torrentDir`](#torrentDir)                         | **Required** |
| [`outputDir`](#outputDir)                           | **Required** |
| [`includeEpisodes`](#includeEpisodes)               |              |
| [`includeNonVideos`](#includeNonVideos)             |              |
| [`fuzzySizeThreshold`](#fuzzySizeThreshold)         |              |
| [`excludeOlder`](#excludeOlder)                     |              |
| [`excludeRecentSearch`](#excludeRecentSearch)       |              |
| [`action`](#action)                                 |              |
| [`rtorrentRpcUrl`](#rtorrentRpcUrl)                 |              |
| [`qbittorrentUrl`](#qbittorrentUrl)                 |              |
| [`notificationWebhookUrl`](#notificationWebhookUrl) |              |

## Options used in `cross-seed daemon`

| Option                                              | Required     |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
| [`delay`](#delay)                                   |              |
| [`torznab`](#torznab)                               | **Required** |
| [`torrentDir`](#torrentDir)                         | **Required** |
| [`outputDir`](#outputDir)                           | **Required** |
| [`includeEpisodes`](#includeEpisodes)               |              |
| [`includeNonVideos`](#includeNonVideos)             |              |
| [`fuzzySizeThreshold`](#fuzzySizeThreshold)         |              |
| [`excludeOlder`](#excludeOlder)                     |              |
| [`excludeRecentSearch`](#excludeRecentSearch)       |              |
| [`action`](#action)                                 |              |
| [`rtorrentRpcUrl`](#rtorrentRpcUrl)                 |              |
| [`qbittorrentUrl`](#qbittorrentUrl)                 |              |
| [`notificationWebhookUrl`](#notificationWebhookUrl) |              |
| [`port`](#port)                                     |              |
| [`rssCadence`](#rssCadence)                         |              |
| [`searchCadence`](#searchCadence)                   |              |

## All options

### `delay`

| Config file name | CLI short form | CLI Long form     | Format             | Default |
| ---------------- | -------------- | ----------------- | ------------------ | ------- |
| `delay`          | `-d <value>`   | `--delay <value>` | `number` (seconds) | `10`    |

When running a search with `cross-seed search` or using `searchCadence` in
daemon mode, the `delay` option lets you set how long you want `cross-seed` to
sleep in between searching for each torrent. If you set it higher, it will
smooth out load on your indexers, but if you set it lower, `cross-seed` will run
faster. I don't recommend setting this lower than 2, as it could garner you
unwanted attention from tracker staff.

#### `delay` Examples (CLI)

```shell
cross-seed search -d 10
cross-seed search --delay 3
cross-seed daemon -d 5
```

#### `delay` Examples (Config file)

```js
delay: 20,
```

### `torznab`\*

| Config file name | CLI short form | CLI Long form         | Format     | Default           |
| ---------------- | -------------- | --------------------- | ---------- | ----------------- |
| `torznab`        | `-T <urls...>` | `--torznab <urls...>` | `string[]` | `[]` (empty list) |

List of Torznab URLs. You can use Jackett, Prowlarr, or indexer built-in Torznab
implementations.

:::caution

```
http://localhost:9117/p/a/t/h?query=string
└────────host───────┘└─path─┘└───query───┘
```

The **path** of each URL should end in `/api`.

:::

#### Finding your Torznab URLs

For [Prowlarr](https://github.com/Prowlarr/Prowlarr), click **(i)** and copy the
**Torznab Url**, then append `?apikey=YOUR_PROWLARR_API_KEY`.

For [Jackett](https://github.com/Jackett/Jackett), click **Copy RSS feed**.

:::note

This works because in Torznab, "RSS feeds" are just a search for the first page
of unfiltered (no search query) results from the indexer.

:::

#### `torznab` Examples (CLI)

```shell
cross-seed search --torznab https://localhost/prowlarr/1/api?apikey=12345
cross-seed search -T http://prowlarr:9696/1/api?apikey=12345 http://prowlarr:9696/2/api?apikey=12345
cross-seed search -T http://jackett:9117/api/v2.0/indexers/oink/results/torznab/api?apikey=12345
```

#### `torznab` Examples (Config file)

```js
torznab: ["https://localhost/prowlarr/1/api?apikey=12345"],

torznab: [
	"http://prowlarr:9696/1/api?apikey=12345",
    "http://prowlarr:9696/2/api?apikey=12345"
],

torznab: ["http://jackett:9117/api/v2.0/indexers/oink/results/torznab/api?apikey=12345"],
```

### `torrentDir`\*

| Config file name | CLI short form | CLI long form         | Format   | Default |
| ---------------- | -------------- | --------------------- | -------- | ------- |
| `torrentDir`     | `-i <dir>`     | `--torrent-dir <dir>` | `string` |         |

Point this at a directory containing torrent files. If you don't know where your
torrent client stores its files, the table below might help.

:::caution Docker users

Leave the `torrentDir` as `/torrents` and use Docker to map your directory to
`/torrents`.

:::

| Client           | Linux                                                      | Windows                                                   | Mac                                                   |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| **rTorrent**     | your session directory as configured in .rtorrent.rc       | your session directory as configured in .rtorrent.rc      | your session directory as configured in .rtorrent.rc  |
| **Deluge**       | `/home/<username>/.config/deluge/state`                    | Unknown (please submit a [PR][pr]!)                       | Unknown (please submit a [PR][pr]!)                   |
| **Transmission** | `/home/<username>/.config/transmission/torrents`           | Unknown (please submit a [PR][pr]!)                       | Unknown (please submit a [PR][pr]!)                   |
| **qBittorrent**  | `/home/<username>/.local/share/data/qBittorrent/BT_backup` | `C:\Users\<username>\AppData\Local\qBittorrent\BT_backup` | `~/Library/Application Support/qBittorrent/BT_backup` |

#### `torrentDir` Examples (CLI)

```shell
cross-seed search --torrent-dir ~/.config/deluge/state
cross-seed search -i ~/.config/transmission/torrents
```

#### `torrentDir` Examples (Config file)

```js
torrentDir: "/home/<username>/.config/deluge/state",

torrentDir: "/torrents",
```

### `outputDir`\*

| Config file name | CLI short form | CLI long form        | Format   | Default |
| ---------------- | -------------- | -------------------- | -------- | ------- |
| `outputDir`      | `-o <dir>`     | `--output-dir <dir>` | `string` |         |

`cross-seed` will store the torrent files it finds in this directory. If you use
[Injection](../recipes/injection) with **rTorrent**, you'll need to make sure
rTorrent has access to this path also.

:::caution Docker users

Leave the `outputDir` as `/output` and use Docker to map your directory to
`/output`.

:::

#### `outputDir` Examples (CLI)

```shell
cross-seed search -o .
cross-seed search --output-dir /tmp/output
```

#### `outputDir` Examples (Config file)

```js
outputDir: "/output",

outputDir: "/tmp/output",

outputDir: ".",
```

### `includeEpisodes`

| Config file name  | CLI short form | CLI long form        | Format    | Default |
| ----------------- | -------------- | -------------------- | --------- | ------- |
| `includeEpisodes` | `-e`           | `--include-episodes` | `boolean` | `false` |

Set this to `true` to include single episode torrents in the search (which are
ignored by default).

#### `includeEpisodes` Examples (CLI)

```shell
cross-seed search -e # will include episodes
cross-seed search --include-episodes # will include episodes
cross-seed search --no-include-episodes # will not include episodes
cross-seed search # will not include episodes
```

#### `includeEpisodes` Examples (Config file)

```js
includeEpisodes: true,

includeEpisodes: false,
```

### `includeNonVideos`

| Config file name   | CLI short form | CLI long form          | Format    | Default |
| ------------------ | -------------- | ---------------------- | --------- | ------- |
| `includeNonVideos` |                | `--include-non-videos` | `boolean` | `false` |

Set this to `true` to include torrents which contain non-video files (`.mp4`,
`.avi`, `.mkv`) in the search (which are ignored by default).

#### `includeNonVideos` Examples (CLI)

```shell
cross-seed search --include-non-videos # will include non-videos
cross-seed search --no-include-non-videos # will not include non-videos
cross-seed search # will not include non-videos
```

#### `includeNonVideos` Examples (Config file)

```js
includeNonVideos: true,

includeNonVideos: false,
```

### `fuzzySizeThreshold` (experimental)

| Config file name     | CLI short form | CLI Long form                    | Format                         | Default |
| -------------------- | -------------- | -------------------------------- | ------------------------------ | ------- |
| `fuzzySizeThreshold` |                | `--fuzzy-size-threshold <value>` | `number` (decimal from 0 to 1) | `0.02`  |

Increase this number to reject fewer torrents based on size. There is no
guarantee that it will increase your match rate.

https://github.com/mmgoodnow/cross-seed/blob/port-docs-from-wiki/src/decide.ts#L70-L87

:::caution

This option has very limited utility and under normal operation, does not need
to be modified.

:::

#### `fuzzySizeThreshold` Examples (CLI)

```shell
cross-seed search -d 10
cross-seed search --fuzzy-size-threshold 3
cross-seed daemon -d 5
```

#### `fuzzySizeThreshold` Examples (Config file)

```js
fuzzySizeThreshold: 20,
```

### `excludeOlder`

| Config file name | CLI short form | CLI Long form             | Format                                                              | Default |
| ---------------- | -------------- | ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| `excludeOlder`   | `-x`           | `--exclude-older <value>` | `string` in the [ms](https://github.com/vercel/ms#examples) format) |         |

When running a search of your `torrentDir`, exclude torrents first searched more
than this long ago. This option is only relevant in `search` mode or in `daemon`
mode with [`searchCadence`](#searchcadence) turned on.

:::note

excludeOlder will never exclude torrents that are completely new.

:::

#### `excludeOlder` Examples (CLI)

```shell
cross-seed search -x 10h # only search for torrents whose first search was less than 10 hours ago or never
cross-seed search --exclude-older "3 days" # only search for torrents whose first search was less than 3 days ago or never
cross-seed search -x 0s # only search for each torrent once ever
```

#### `excludeOlder` Examples (Config file)

```js
excludeOlder: "10 hours",

excludeOlder: "3days",

excludeOlder: "0s",
```

## Table

| option                   | short form | type                                                               | default | description                                                                                                                                                                      |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `excludeRecentSearch`    | `-r`       | `string` in the [ms](https://github.com/vercel/ms#examples) format |         | Exclude torrents which have been searched more recently than this long ago.                                                                                                      |
| `action`                 | `-A`       | `save` or `inject`                                                 | `save`  | `cross-seed` can either save the found cross-seeds, or inject them into your client. If you use `inject`, you need to set up one of the below clients.                           |
| `rtorrentRpcUrl`         |            | `string`                                                           |         | The url of your rtorrent XMLRPC interface. Only relevant with `action: "inject"`. Often ends in `/RPC2`. Credentials format: `http://username:password@localhost/rutorrent/RPC2` |
| `qbittorrentUrl`         |            | `string`                                                           |         | The url of your qBittorrent webui. Only relevant with `action: "inject"`. Credentials format: `http://username:password@localhost:8080`                                          |
| `notificationWebhookUrl` |            | `string`                                                           |         | `cross-seed` will send POST requests to this url with a JSON payload of `{ title, body }`. Conforms to the `caronc/apprise` REST API.                                            |
| `port`                   | `-p`       | `number`                                                           | `2468`  | Listen on a custom port.                                                                                                                                                         |
| `rssCadence`             |            | `string` in the [ms](https://github.com/vercel/ms#examples) format |         | Run rss scans on a schedule. Set to undefined or null to disable. Minimum of 10 minutes.                                                                                         |
| `searchCadence`          |            | `string` in the [ms](https://github.com/vercel/ms#examples) format |         | Run searches on a schedule. Set to undefined or null to disable. Minimum of 1 day. If you have RSS enabled, you won't need to run this often (2+ weeks recommended)              |

Commit message:

Add docs for excludeRecentSearch option

website/docs/basics/options.md, after:

---
id: options
title: Options
---

[pr]:
	https://github.com/mmgoodnow/cross-seed/tree/master/website/docs/basics/options.md

`cross-seed` has several program options, which can either be specified on the
command line or in a configuration file. The priority is shown below.

```
CLI > config file > defaults
```

If you specify an option both on the command line and in the config file, the
command line value will override the config file value.

## Options on the command line

All options on the command line have a long form, which looks like
`--long-form-option <value>`. Some more common options have a single-letter
short form as well, which look like `-f <value>`.

Some options take multiple arguments, which are always separated by spaces:

```
--variadic-option arg1 arg2 arg3
```

:::tip

Any references to options you see in `camelCase` have their corresponding
long-form option name as the `kebab-cased` variant. For example, the
`excludeRecentSearch` option's long-form CLI option name is
`--exclude-recent-search`.

:::

## Options in the config file

`cross-seed` will look for a configuration file at

-   **Mac**/**Linux**/**Unix**: `~/.cross-seed/config.js`
-   **Windows**: `AppData\Local\cross-seed\config.js`

:::tip

If you would like to use a custom config directory, you can set the `CONFIG_DIR`
environment variable.

:::

To create an editable config file, run the following command:

```shell script
cross-seed gen-config
```

From there, you can open the config file in your favorite editor and set up your
configuration.

:::tip

The configuration file uses JavaScript syntax, which means:

-   Array/multi options must be enclosed in \[brackets\].
-   Strings must be enclosed in "quotation" marks.
-   Array elements and options must be separated by commas.

:::

## Options used in `cross-seed search`

| Option                                              | Required     |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
| [`delay`](#delay)                                   |              |
| [`torznab`](#torznab)                               | **Required** |
| [`torrentDir`](#torrentDir)                         | **Required** |
| [`outputDir`](#outputDir)                           | **Required** |
| [`includeEpisodes`](#includeEpisodes)               |              |
| [`includeNonVideos`](#includeNonVideos)             |              |
| [`fuzzySizeThreshold`](#fuzzySizeThreshold)         |              |
| [`excludeOlder`](#excludeOlder)                     |              |
| [`excludeRecentSearch`](#excludeRecentSearch)       |              |
| [`action`](#action)                                 |              |
| [`rtorrentRpcUrl`](#rtorrentRpcUrl)                 |              |
| [`qbittorrentUrl`](#qbittorrentUrl)                 |              |
| [`notificationWebhookUrl`](#notificationWebhookUrl) |              |

## Options used in `cross-seed daemon`

| Option                                              | Required     |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
| [`delay`](#delay)                                   |              |
| [`torznab`](#torznab)                               | **Required** |
| [`torrentDir`](#torrentDir)                         | **Required** |
| [`outputDir`](#outputDir)                           | **Required** |
| [`includeEpisodes`](#includeEpisodes)               |              |
| [`includeNonVideos`](#includeNonVideos)             |              |
| [`fuzzySizeThreshold`](#fuzzySizeThreshold)         |              |
| [`excludeOlder`](#excludeOlder)                     |              |
| [`excludeRecentSearch`](#excludeRecentSearch)       |              |
| [`action`](#action)                                 |              |
| [`rtorrentRpcUrl`](#rtorrentRpcUrl)                 |              |
| [`qbittorrentUrl`](#qbittorrentUrl)                 |              |
| [`notificationWebhookUrl`](#notificationWebhookUrl) |              |
| [`port`](#port)                                     |              |
| [`rssCadence`](#rssCadence)                         |              |
| [`searchCadence`](#searchCadence)                   |              |

## All options

### `delay`

| Config file name | CLI short form | CLI Long form     | Format             | Default |
| ---------------- | -------------- | ----------------- | ------------------ | ------- |
| `delay`          | `-d <value>`   | `--delay <value>` | `number` (seconds) | `10`    |

When running a search with `cross-seed search` or using `searchCadence` in
daemon mode, the `delay` option lets you set how long you want `cross-seed` to
sleep in between searching for each torrent. If you set it higher, it will
smooth out load on your indexers, but if you set it lower, `cross-seed` will run
faster. I don't recommend setting this lower than 2, as it could garner you
unwanted attention from tracker staff.

#### `delay` Examples (CLI)

```shell
cross-seed search -d 10
cross-seed search --delay 3
cross-seed daemon -d 5
```

#### `delay` Examples (Config file)

```js
delay: 20,
```

### `torznab`\*

| Config file name | CLI short form | CLI Long form         | Format     | Default           |
| ---------------- | -------------- | --------------------- | ---------- | ----------------- |
| `torznab`        | `-T <urls...>` | `--torznab <urls...>` | `string[]` | `[]` (empty list) |

List of Torznab URLs. You can use Jackett, Prowlarr, or indexer built-in Torznab
implementations.

:::caution

```
http://localhost:9117/p/a/t/h?query=string
└────────host───────┘└─path─┘└───query───┘
```

The **path** of each URL should end in `/api`.

:::

#### Finding your Torznab URLs

For [Prowlarr](https://github.com/Prowlarr/Prowlarr), click **(i)** and copy the
**Torznab Url**, then append `?apikey=YOUR_PROWLARR_API_KEY`.

For [Jackett](https://github.com/Jackett/Jackett), click **Copy RSS feed**.

:::note

This works because in Torznab, "RSS feeds" are just a search for the first page
of unfiltered (no search query) results from the indexer.

:::

#### `torznab` Examples (CLI)

```shell
cross-seed search --torznab https://localhost/prowlarr/1/api?apikey=12345
cross-seed search -T http://prowlarr:9696/1/api?apikey=12345 http://prowlarr:9696/2/api?apikey=12345
cross-seed search -T http://jackett:9117/api/v2.0/indexers/oink/results/torznab/api?apikey=12345
```

#### `torznab` Examples (Config file)

```js
torznab: ["https://localhost/prowlarr/1/api?apikey=12345"],

torznab: [
	"http://prowlarr:9696/1/api?apikey=12345",
    "http://prowlarr:9696/2/api?apikey=12345"
],

torznab: ["http://jackett:9117/api/v2.0/indexers/oink/results/torznab/api?apikey=12345"],
```

### `torrentDir`\*

| Config file name | CLI short form | CLI long form         | Format   | Default |
| ---------------- | -------------- | --------------------- | -------- | ------- |
| `torrentDir`     | `-i <dir>`     | `--torrent-dir <dir>` | `string` |         |

Point this at a directory containing torrent files. If you don't know where your
torrent client stores its files, the table below might help.

:::caution Docker users

Leave the `torrentDir` as `/torrents` and use Docker to map your directory to
`/torrents`.

:::

| Client           | Linux                                                      | Windows                                                   | Mac                                                   |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| **rTorrent**     | your session directory as configured in .rtorrent.rc       | your session directory as configured in .rtorrent.rc      | your session directory as configured in .rtorrent.rc  |
| **Deluge**       | `/home/<username>/.config/deluge/state`                    | Unknown (please submit a [PR][pr]!)                       | Unknown (please submit a [PR][pr]!)                   |
| **Transmission** | `/home/<username>/.config/transmission/torrents`           | Unknown (please submit a [PR][pr]!)                       | Unknown (please submit a [PR][pr]!)                   |
| **qBittorrent**  | `/home/<username>/.local/share/data/qBittorrent/BT_backup` | `C:\Users\<username>\AppData\Local\qBittorrent\BT_backup` | `~/Library/Application Support/qBittorrent/BT_backup` |

#### `torrentDir` Examples (CLI)

```shell
cross-seed search --torrent-dir ~/.config/deluge/state
cross-seed search -i ~/.config/transmission/torrents
```

#### `torrentDir` Examples (Config file)

```js
torrentDir: "/home/<username>/.config/deluge/state",

torrentDir: "/torrents",
```

### `outputDir`\*

| Config file name | CLI short form | CLI long form        | Format   | Default |
| ---------------- | -------------- | -------------------- | -------- | ------- |
| `outputDir`      | `-o <dir>`     | `--output-dir <dir>` | `string` |         |

`cross-seed` will store the torrent files it finds in this directory. If you use
[Injection](../recipes/injection) with **rTorrent**, you'll need to make sure
rTorrent has access to this path also.

:::caution Docker users

Leave the `outputDir` as `/output` and use Docker to map your directory to
`/output`.

:::

#### `outputDir` Examples (CLI)

```shell
cross-seed search -o .
cross-seed search --output-dir /tmp/output
```

#### `outputDir` Examples (Config file)

```js
outputDir: "/output",

outputDir: "/tmp/output",

outputDir: ".",
```

### `includeEpisodes`

| Config file name  | CLI short form | CLI long form        | Format    | Default |
| ----------------- | -------------- | -------------------- | --------- | ------- |
| `includeEpisodes` | `-e`           | `--include-episodes` | `boolean` | `false` |

Set this to `true` to include single episode torrents in the search (which are
ignored by default).

#### `includeEpisodes` Examples (CLI)

```shell
cross-seed search -e # will include episodes
cross-seed search --include-episodes # will include episodes
cross-seed search --no-include-episodes # will not include episodes
cross-seed search # will not include episodes
```

#### `includeEpisodes` Examples (Config file)

```js
includeEpisodes: true,

includeEpisodes: false,
```

### `includeNonVideos`

| Config file name   | CLI short form | CLI long form          | Format    | Default |
| ------------------ | -------------- | ---------------------- | --------- | ------- |
| `includeNonVideos` |                | `--include-non-videos` | `boolean` | `false` |

Set this to `true` to include torrents which contain non-video files (`.mp4`,
`.avi`, `.mkv`) in the search (which are ignored by default).

#### `includeNonVideos` Examples (CLI)

```shell
cross-seed search --include-non-videos # will include non-videos
cross-seed search --no-include-non-videos # will not include non-videos
cross-seed search # will not include non-videos
```

#### `includeNonVideos` Examples (Config file)

```js
includeNonVideos: true,

includeNonVideos: false,
```

### `fuzzySizeThreshold` (experimental)

| Config file name     | CLI short form | CLI Long form                    | Format                         | Default |
| -------------------- | -------------- | -------------------------------- | ------------------------------ | ------- |
| `fuzzySizeThreshold` |                | `--fuzzy-size-threshold <value>` | `number` (decimal from 0 to 1) | `0.02`  |

Increase this number to reject fewer torrents based on size. There is no
guarantee that it will increase your match rate.

https://github.com/mmgoodnow/cross-seed/blob/port-docs-from-wiki/src/decide.ts#L70-L87

:::caution

This option has very limited utility and under normal operation, does not need
to be modified.

:::

#### `fuzzySizeThreshold` Examples (CLI)

```shell
cross-seed search -d 10
cross-seed search --fuzzy-size-threshold 3
cross-seed daemon -d 5
```

#### `fuzzySizeThreshold` Examples (Config file)

```js
fuzzySizeThreshold: 20,
```

### `excludeOlder`

| Config file name | CLI short form | CLI Long form             | Format                                                              | Default |
| ---------------- | -------------- | ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| `excludeOlder`   | `-x`           | `--exclude-older <value>` | `string` in the [ms](https://github.com/vercel/ms#examples) format) |         |

When running a search of your `torrentDir`, exclude torrents first searched more
than this long ago. This option is only relevant in `search` mode or in `daemon`
mode with [`searchCadence`](#searchcadence) turned on.

:::note

`excludeOlder` will never exclude torrents that are completely new.

:::

#### `excludeOlder` Examples (CLI)

```shell
cross-seed search -x 10h # only search for torrents whose first search was less than 10 hours ago or never
cross-seed search --exclude-older "3 days" # only search for torrents whose first search was less than 3 days ago or never
cross-seed search -x 0s # only search for each torrent once ever
```

#### `excludeOlder` Examples (Config file)

```js
excludeOlder: "10 hours",

excludeOlder: "3days",

excludeOlder: "0s",
```

### `excludeRecentSearch`

| Config file name      | CLI short form | CLI Long form                     | Format                                                              | Default |
| --------------------- | -------------- | --------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| `excludeRecentSearch` | `-r`           | `--exclude-recent-search <value>` | `string` in the [ms](https://github.com/vercel/ms#examples) format) |         |

When running a search of your `torrentDir`, exclude torrents which have been
searched more recently than this long ago. This option is only relevant in
`search` mode or in `daemon` mode with [`searchCadence`](#searchcadence) turned
on.

#### `excludeRecentSearch` Examples (CLI)

```shell
cross-seed search -r 1day # only search for torrents that haven't been searched in the past day
cross-seed search --exclude-recent-search "2 weeks" # only search for torrents that haven't been searched in the past 2 weeks
```

#### `excludeRecentSearch` Examples (Config file)

```js
excludeRecentSearch: "1 day",

excludeRecentSearch: "2 weeks",
```

## Table

| option                   | short form | type                                                               | default | description                                                                                                                                                                      |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `excludeRecentSearch`    | `-r`       | `string` in the [ms](https://github.com/vercel/ms#examples) format |         | Exclude torrents which have been searched more recently than this long ago.                                                                                                      |
| `action`                 | `-A`       | `save` or `inject`                                                 | `save`  | `cross-seed` can either save the found cross-seeds, or inject them into your client. If you use `inject`, you need to set up one of the below clients.                           |
| `rtorrentRpcUrl`         |            | `string`                                                           |         | The url of your rtorrent XMLRPC interface. Only relevant with `action: "inject"`. Often ends in `/RPC2`. Credentials format: `http://username:password@localhost/rutorrent/RPC2` |
| `qbittorrentUrl`         |            | `string`                                                           |         | The url of your qBittorrent webui. Only relevant with `action: "inject"`. Credentials format: `http://username:password@localhost:8080`                                          |
| `notificationWebhookUrl` |            | `string`                                                           |         | `cross-seed` will send POST requests to this url with a JSON payload of `{ title, body }`. Conforms to the `caronc/apprise` REST API.                                            |
| `port`                   | `-p`       | `number`                                                           | `2468`  | Listen on a custom port.                                                                                                                                                         |
| `rssCadence`             |            | `string` in the [ms](https://github.com/vercel/ms#examples) format |         | Run rss scans on a schedule. Set to undefined or null to disable. Minimum of 10 minutes.                                                                                         |
| `searchCadence`          |            | `string` in the [ms](https://github.com/vercel/ms#examples) format |         | Run searches on a schedule. Set to undefined or null to disable. Minimum of 1 day. If you have RSS enabled, you won't need to run this often (2+ weeks recommended)              |
